Can’t we put an end today
To spitting out indifferent words
And crying over those memories?
Waiting for the “1, 2…” signal
Holding hands with you is
An act of courage for me
Phase <1>
‘Cause we shouldn’t stand still, right?
Life is a sham
Don't say you can't do it
Don’t say it
Don’t say it’s too late now
Come, come
Now we form a circle and start to spin
Bit by bit I come to hate it, but I come to like it
Hey, hey, I don’t even understand the meeting of my selves(*)
We steadily close the gap
But we remain far apart
Da-dum, carried by the music we start to dance
Wretchedly, I come to hate it, but I come to like it
Hey, hey, I don’t understand now or ever
Shake shake my heart
Yay
There’s no such thing as a right answer
So, where the hell do I have to go
To find the end of this story?
Waiting for the “1, 2…” signal
Touching your hand is
An act of courage for me
Phase <2>
There’s no meaning to being humble and respectful
So bye-bye to my embarrassing dreams
From now on, forever, let’s get along
Let’s get along.
Come, come
We now avert our eyes from each other
Bit by bit I come to hate it, but I come to like it
Hey, hey, I don’t even understand the meeting of my selves
I steadily become better
But I’m crumbling to pieces
Da-dum, you disappear before I can touch you
Wretchedly, I come to hate it, but I come to like it
Hey, hey, I don’t understand now or ever
Until we can understand each other, we-
- Shouldn’t say it’s too late
Come, come
Now we form a circle and start to spin
Bit by bit I come to hate it, but I come to like it
Hey, hey, I don’t even understand the meeting of my selves
We steadily close the gap
But we remain far apart
Da-dum, carried by the music we start to dance
Wretchedly, I come to hate it, but I come to like it
Hey, hey, I don’t understand now or ever
Shake shake my heart
Yay
(*) “Jibun Kaigi” is a 1972 manga one-shot by Fujiko F. Fujio (best known as the creator of Doraemon).
The story is about a young man leading a lonely and impoverished life
who finds himself dragged by future versions of himself
into the titular “meeting of the selves.”
His various selves cannot get along, however, and the meeting ends in tragedy.
Translation by EJ/bluepenguin